What do you say?
What? 18 years ago?
His jade pendant
Just 18 years ago
Abandoned with Xiaoyue
This is his only obligation to find his relatives
Please give it back to us
Give it back to our mother
Why are they difficult to give birth like a virus?
Can we drive them away?
Yu Pei is really mine
I can't imagine how you can bully me
Yu Pei give it to me
That's us!
Good girl, don't be afraid
Mom, drive them away
Let's meet a piece of garbage
Hit me to death
Okay, stop fighting
Stop fighting
What are you doing?
Take this money and go to the hospital to have a look.
We drink grandma and don't care about your stinky money
Come let's go
always feel
Zhao Xiaoyue and his wife grew up when they were young